elasticluster/share/playbooks/roles/lmod/README.rst, before:

Lmod
====

Install Lmod_ and configure it to (optionally) load a set of modules when a new
user shell session is started.


Requirements
------------

A working Lua_ interpreter, with add-on packages:

- `LuaFileSystem <https://keplerproject.github.io/luafilesystem/>`_
- `luaposix <http://luaposix.github.io/luaposix/>`_
- `lua-term <https://github.com/hoelzro/lua-term>`_ *(optional)*

They are all installed by the ``lua`` role distributed with ElastiCluster_.


Role Variables
--------------

The following variables may be set to alter the role behavior:

``LMOD_VERSION``
  The version of Lmod to install. Interpolated into the (default)
  source archive name.

``LMOD_DEFAULT_MODULES``
  List of modules to load in any new user shell session. Any valid argument of
  ``module list`` can be used as a list item here.

``MODULES_ROOT``
  Directory containing system-wide module files. Defaults to
  ``/etc/modulefiles``.

``lua_exe``
  Path to the Lua_ interpreter to use; it must be named ``lua``. Defaults to
  ``/usr/bin/lua``.

``lmod_install_dir``
  Install Lmod under this directory. (Actually, in a subdirectory named after the
  version number.)

``lmod_source_dir``
  The directory where to download and extract the source archive.

``lmod_source_url``
  URL of the ``.tar.bz2`` source archive. The version string is interpolated
  into the default value.

``lmod_configure_extra_opts``
  Extra arguments to pass to the ``./configure`` script.


Example Playbook
----------------

The following example installs Lmod_ in a directory structure compatible with
EasyBuild's tree layout::

  - hosts: servers
    roles:
      - role: lmod
        lmod_install_dir: /apps/software/Lmod/
        lmod_source_dir: /apps/sources/l/Lmod/


License
-------

GPLv3


Author Information and Credits
------------------------------

* `Riccardo Murri <mailto:riccardo.murri@gmail.com>`_


.. References:

.. _ElastiCluster: http://elasticluster.readthedocs.io/
.. _Lmod: http://lmod.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _Lua: http://www.lua.org/

Commit message:

Lmod: Try installing from OS packages, then from source...
All supported OSes now have an Lmod package that is sufficient to
satisfy EasyBuild's dependencies.  So let's try to speed things up by
installing from OS packages rather than downloading + building from
source.

elasticluster/share/playbooks/roles/lmod/README.rst, after:

Lmod
====

Install Lmod_ and configure it to (optionally) load a set of modules when a new
user shell session is started.


Requirements
------------

A working Lua_ interpreter, with add-on packages:

- `LuaFileSystem <https://keplerproject.github.io/luafilesystem/>`_
- `luaposix <http://luaposix.github.io/luaposix/>`_
- `lua-term <https://github.com/hoelzro/lua-term>`_ *(optional)*

They are all installed by the ``lua`` role distributed with ElastiCluster_.


Role Variables
--------------

The following variables may be set to alter the role behavior:

``lmod_install_from_source``
  If ``yes``, then download, build, and install Lmod from the source
  archive.  If ``no`` (default), then try to install Lmod from the OS
  package and install from source if that fails.

``lmod_force_version``
  If set, require that this version of Lmod be installed; if not
  available in the OS packages, install from source.  The value of
  ``lmod_force_version`` is interpolated into the (default) source
  archive name, so you need to use the exact version number as it
  appears in the source archive name (see the `Lmod GitHub releases
  page`_ for a list).

``lmod_default_modules``
  List of modules to load in any new user shell session. Any valid argument of
  ``module list`` can be used as a list item here.

``modules_root``
  Directory containing system-wide module files. Defaults to
  ``/etc/modulefiles``.

``lua_exe``
  Path to the Lua_ interpreter to use; it must be named ``lua``. Defaults to
  ``/usr/bin/lua``.

``lmod_install_dir``
  Install Lmod under this directory. (Actually, in a subdirectory named after the
  version number.)  Only used when installing from source.

``lmod_source_dir``
  The directory where to download and extract the source archive.
  Only used when installing from source.

``lmod_source_url``
  URL of the ``.tar.bz2`` source archive. The version string is interpolated
  into the default value.  Only used when installing from source.

``lmod_configure_extra_opts``
  Extra arguments to pass to the ``./configure`` script.
  Only used when installing from source.


Example Playbook
----------------

The following example installs Lmod_ in a directory structure compatible with
EasyBuild's tree layout::

  - hosts: servers
    roles:
      - role: lmod
        lmod_install_dir: /apps/software/Lmod/
        lmod_source_dir: /apps/sources/l/Lmod/


License
-------

GPLv3


Author Information and Credits
------------------------------

* `Riccardo Murri <mailto:riccardo.murri@gmail.com>`_


.. References:

.. _ElastiCluster: http://elasticluster.readthedocs.io/
.. _Lmod: http://lmod.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
.. _`Lmod GitHub releases page`: https://github.com/TACC/Lmod/releases
.. _Lua: http://www.lua.org/
